Structure docs around components (#10)
cloudfoundry-incubator/quarks-docs: content/en/docs/Development/_index.md

---
title: "Development"
linkTitle: "Development"
weight: 80
description: >

>   Shared documentation for the quarks operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Shared documentation for the Quarks operators
```

---

## Requirements

- A working Kubernetes cluster
- Helm v3 binary

> - Go 1.12.2 and install the tool chain: `make tools`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go 1.14 and install the tool chain: `make tools`
```

(https://github.com/cloudfoundry-incubator/quarks-operator/blob/master/go.mod#L44)
